accessControl: fix node name discrepancy failing rule check (#7427)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/accessControl/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Formatted JavaScript files for consistency.

### Fixed

> - Discrepency between Zap node name & plugin recomputed node name made check silently fail and fallback to parent rule.

Reviewer: It's all ZAP, better something like:
```suggestion
- Discrepancy between Sites tree node name & Access Control recomputed node name made check silently fail and fallback to parent rule.
```
